Cloud changelog May 25 (#5661)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-25](#release-2022-05-25)
- [Release 2022-05-12](#release-2022-05-12)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-25

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - To keep users in Mattermost when opening documentation links from the **System Console > Plugin** settings page, all the links now open in another tab.
 - Improved right-hand side thread reply input and scrolling behavior by making the reply to thread input sticky.
 - Users are no longer hidden from search results in the "Add members" modal, even if they are already members of the channel.
 - Applied new designs for the Login screen:
     - Default login
     - OAuth options
     - Custom branding
     - MFA token
 - Changed **Actions** post menu hover text to **Message Actions**.

#### Administration

>  - Enabled ``always-on`` and ``default-on`` for Collapsed Reply Threads system configuration.

Reviewer: What's the impact of these options? Are collapsed reply threads now always on?

Author: Clarified the text.

#### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where the shortcut modal for channel info showed ``ALT`` instead of ``SHIFT`` for Mac.

>  - Fixed an issue where the **Report a Problem** link was not hidden when a URL wasn't set.

Reviewer: Which URL? Is it an admin setting?

Author: Clarified the text.

>  - Added ``always-on`` and ``default-on`` System Configuration settings for Collapsed Reply Threads. When enabled (default on), users see Collapsed Reply Threads by default and have the option to disable it in account settings. When always on, users are required to use Collapsed Reply Threads and cannot disable it.

Reviewer: Thanks! Can you help add the System Console page where they can be configured, and what their default states are? (on or off)

Author: @vish9812 Can you help with this question?

Reviewer 2: It's in Experimental Features section. The default is still `off`

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-25](#release-2022-05-25)
- [Release 2022-05-12](#release-2022-05-12)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-25

> 

Reviewer 2: Pending: Advanced Text Editor

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - To not force users to leave Mattermost when opening documentation links from the **System Console > Plugin** settings page, all the links now open in a different tab.
 - Implemented an improved right-hand side thread reply input and scrolling behavior by making the reply to thread input sticky.
 - Users are no longer hidden from search results in the "Add members" modal even if they are already in the channel.
 - Applied new designs for the Login screen:
     - Default login
     - OAuth options
     - Custom branding
     - MFA token
 - Changed **Actions** post menu hover text to **Message Actions**.

#### Administration
 - Enabled ``always-on`` and ``default-on`` for Collapsed Reply Threads system configuration.

>  - Upgraded the minor version of the ElasticSearch development Docker image.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant for Cloud

 - The Support Packet now contains two additional fields in the ``support_packet.yaml`` file: Active users and License-supported users.

#### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue where the shortcut modal for channel info showed ``Alt`` instead of ``Shift`` for Mac.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the shortcut modal for channel info showed ``ALT`` instead of ``SHIFT`` for Mac.
```

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-25](#release-2022-05-25)
- [Release 2022-05-12](#release-2022-05-12)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-25

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - Insights?

Author: Unsure if this is ready to be added to the changelog.

 - To not force users to leave Mattermost when opening documentation links from the **System Console > Plugin** settings page, all the links now open in a different tab.
 - Implemented an improved right-hand side thread reply input and scrolling behavior by making the reply to thread input sticky.
 - Users are no longer hidden from search results in the "Add members" modal even if they are already in the channel.
 - Applied new designs for the Login screen:
     - Default login
     - OAuth options
     - Custom branding
     - MFA token
 - Changed **Actions** post menu hover text to **Message Actions**.

#### Administration
 - Enabled ``always-on`` and ``default-on`` for Collapsed Reply Threads system configuration.
 - Upgraded the minor version of the ElasticSearch development Docker image.

>  - The Support Packet now contains two additional fields in the ``support_packet.yaml`` file: Active users and License-supported users.

Author: May not be needed for Cloud changelog.

Reviewer 3: Agreed not relevant for cloud

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-25](#release-2022-05-25)
- [Release 2022-05-12](#release-2022-05-12)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-25

### Highlights

>  - To make markdown features more accessible to less technical users, an Advanced Text editor was added with new shortcuts for preview, toggle formatter, opening the emoji picker, strike text, heading, ordered list, and unordered list.

Reviewer 4: Proposal: Remove "to less technical users" since the new Advanced Text Editor has something for everyone regardless of technical skill/experience.

>  - To make markdown features more accessible to less technical users, an Advanced Text editor was added with new shortcuts for preview, toggle formatter, opening the emoji picker, strike text, heading, ordered list, and unordered list.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - To make markdown features more accessible to less technical users, an Advanced Text editor was added with new shortcuts to preview, open the emoji picker, strike out text, add headings, format numbered steps, add bullets, and hide the formatting options.
```

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - To keep users in Mattermost when opening documentation links from the **System Console > Plugin** settings page, all the links now open in another tab.
 - Improved right-hand side thread reply input and scrolling behavior by making the reply to thread input sticky.
 - Users are no longer hidden from search results in the "Add members" modal, even if they are already members of the channel.
 - Applied new designs for the Login screen:
     - Default login
     - OAuth options
     - Custom branding
     - MFA token
 - Changed **Actions** post menu hover text to **Message Actions**.
 - Enabled the new onboarding task list for end users.

#### Administration

>  - Added ``always-on`` and ``default-on`` settings to **System Console > Experimental Features** for Collapsed Reply Threads. When enabled (default on), users see Collapsed Reply Threads by default and have the option to disable it in account settings. When always on, users are required to use Collapsed Reply Threads and cannot disable it. The default state is still ``default-off``.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Added ``always-on`` and ``default-on`` settings to **System Console > Experimental Features** for Collapsed Reply Threads. When enabled (default-on), users see Collapsed Reply Threads by default and have the option to disable it in **Settings**. When always on, users are required to use Collapsed Reply Threads and can't disable it. The default state is still ``default-off``.
```
